Web Hosting Services - https://web-01.staticnode.org:2222/evo/
	Main Page - Here users can see the main page of the control panel and you can see details such as your domains your emails the amount of usage and databases.. - screenshots for main page 
	Menu Tab - Here is the main area where you will spend most of your time editing your website. You can see the file manager, the domains, the emails, the databases, the security, the software, the advanced, and the support. - screenshots for menu tab
		Domain Setup - Here you can see your domain and add more domains if your plan allows it. - screenshots for domain setup
		Subdomain management - Here you can see your subdomains and add more subdomains if your plan allows it. - screenshots for subdomain setup
		DNS management - Here you can see your DNS and edit the DNS of your domain. - screenshots for DNS management
		SSL Certificates - Here you can see your SSL certificates and add more SSL certificates. - screenshots for SSL certificates
		FTP Management - Here you can see your FTP details and create more FTP accounts. - screenshots for FTP management
		Databases - Here you can see your databases and create more databases. - screenshots for databases
		Site Redirection - Here you can see your site redirection and add more site redirections. - screenshots for site redirection
		Hotlink Protection - Here you can see your hotlink protection and add more hotlink protection. - screenshots for hotlink protection
		PHP Settings - Here you can see your PHP settings and edit your PHP settings. - screenshots for PHP settings
		E-Mail Accounts - Here you can see your email accounts and add more email accounts. - screenshots for E-Mail accounts
		Auto Responders - Here you can see your auto responders and add more auto responders. - screenshots for auto responders
		Vacation Messages - Here you can see your vacation messages and add more vacation messages. - screenshots for vacation messages
		Spamasassin - Here you can see your spamasassin and edit your spamasassin. - screenshots for spamasassin
		SPAM Filters - Here you can see your spam filters and edit your spam filters. - screenshots for spam filters
		MX Records - Here you can see your MX records and edit your MX records. - screenshots for MX records
		E-mail Tracking - Here you can see your email tracking and edit your email tracking. - screenshots for email tracking
		IMAPSync Migration - Here you can see your IMAPSync Migration and edit your IMAPSync Migration. - screenshots for IMAPSync Migration
		Apache Handlers - Here you can see your Apache Handlers and edit your Apache Handlers. - screenshots for Apache Handlers
		Create/Restore Backups - Here you can see your backups and restore backups. - screenshots for Create/Restore Backups
		Custom Error Pages - Here you can see your custom error pages and edit your custom error pages. - screenshots for custom error pages
		Mime Types - Here you can see your mime types and edit your mime types. - screenshots for mime types
		Login Key - Here you can see your login key and edit your login key. - screenshots for login key
		Two-Step Authentication - Here you can see your two-step authentication and edit your two-step authentication. - screenshots for two-step authentication
		Password Protected Directories - Here you can see your password protected directories and edit your password protected directories. - screenshots for password protected directories
		ModSecurity - Here you can see your ModSecurity and edit your ModSecurity. - screenshots for ModSecurity
		Nginx URL Rewrite - Here you can see your Nginx URL Rewrite and edit your Nginx URL Rewrite. - screenshots for Nginx URL Rewrite
		File Manager - Here you can see your file manager and edit your file manager. - screenshots for file manager
		Installed Perl Modules - Here you can see your installed perl modules and edit your installed perl modules. - screenshots for installed perl modules
		Site Summary/Statistics/Logs - Here you can see your site summary, statistics, and logs. - screenshots for site summary/statistics/logs
		Resource Limits - Here you can see your resource limits and edit your resource limits. - screenshots for resource limits
		Webmail: Roundcube - Here you can see your webmail and go to the roundcube site. - screenshots for webmail: roundcube
		PHPMyAdmin - Here you can see your databases and go to the PHPMyAdmin site. - screenshots for PHPMyAdmin

	Sidebar
		Menu (All of these are quick links)
			Account Manager - Here you can see your account manager and edit your account manager. - screenshots for account manager
			E-mail Manager - Here you can see your email manager and edit your email manager. - screenshots for email manager
			Advanced Features - Here you can see your advanced features and edit your advanced features. - screenshots for advanced features
			System info & Files - Here you can see your system info and files and edit your system info and files. - screenshots for system info & files
			extra features - Here you can see your extra features and edit your extra features. - screenshots for extra features
		Messages
			Here you can see differernt system messages
		Profile
			Password changer - Here you can see your password changer and edit your password changer. - screenshots for password changer
			Active Sessions - Here you can see your active sessions and edit your active sessions. - screenshots for active sessions
		Skin Options
			Layout (Skin)
			Dark mode (Auto, Enabled, or Disabled)
			Language (default English)
			Date Formats
			Week start day (default monday)